Yaoyao
Mr. Lu is me
Where's Tang Yao? Miss Tang is gone.
I've always taken care of it
Mr. Nuo, I have always liked you
Miss Tang got it.
So let me take care of you
I, Lu Xuan, can't make him a matchmaker yet
You are not me, you should be by Su Xiao's side
In the beauty den you designed
Su Xiao, she likes you very much.
And she's smart and pretty.
The most important thing is that she cares about you
So what about you last night?
You are in such a hurry to find me a woman
Tang Yao, do you just not understand my heart?
I'm married!
We are not one world at all
Then who do you test Su Tamagawa with? It's none of your business.
Spirits never considered me
Don't you have any feelings for me?
Yes, I've been using you all this time.
Use Lux
Are you too stupid to see it?
Today can be you
Tomorrow can also be someone else
It was all me
It's all my wishful thinking, Su Xiaoshe
You like me and Su Xiao so much, don't you?
Mr. Lu, Miss Tang
OK
Courtesy of Miss Tao Qianxuan Bridge
Xiaoxiao and I will definitely be happy
Lu Xun is only like this
You can get rid of the gossip